---
page_title: "jira Provider"
description: |-
  Jira provider for interacting with Jira instances using the go-jira library.
---

# jira Provider

Jira provider for interacting with Jira instances using the go-jira library.

## Usage

When configuring `jira` provider, there are a few ways to set the required attributes.

The provider block can be empty, and the required attributes can be set via environment variables:

```terraform
provider "jira" {}
```

with

```dotenv
JIRA_ENDPOINT="https://example.atlassian.net"
JIRA_API_EMAIL="some.email@gmail.com"
JIRA_API_TOKEN="someLongToken"
```

The required attributes can also be directly set in the provider block

```terraform
provider "jira" {
  endpoint = "https://jira.example.com"
  api_auth_email = "some.email@gmail.com"
  api_token = "someLongToken"
}
```

There can also be a mixture of the two.

```terraform
provider "jira" {
  endpoint = "https://jira.example.com"
  api_auth_email = "some.email@gmail.com"
}
```

with

```dotenv
JIRA_API_TOKEN="someLongToken"
```

For more information on which attributes can be set for the provider config, please see [Schema](#schema) below.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_auth_email` (String) Email address associated with the API token. **Required** when using API token authentication.Can be set with environment variable `JIRA_API_EMAIL`.
- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) API token (PAT) for authentication. **Required** when using API token authentication with email.Can be set with environment variable `JIRA_API_TOKEN`.
- `auth_method` (String) Authentication method to use for Jira. Defaults to API token authentication. Accepts values `api_token` or `basic`.
- `endpoint` (String) Base Endpoint of the Jira client (e.g., 'https://your-domain.atlassian.net').Can be set with environment variable `JIRA_ENDPOINT`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic authentication. **Required** when using basic authentication.Can be set with environment variable `JIRA_PASSWORD`.
- `premium` (Boolean) Whether the Jira instance is premium. Premium instances will have additional features available. Defaults to false.
- `username` (String) Username for basic authentication. **Required** when using basic authentication with password.Can be set with environment variable `JIRA_USERNAME`.


