---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jira_work_type Resource - jira"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Jira work type. Issue types are used to define the structure of different types of issues or work items in your Jira client.
---

# jira_work_type (Resource)

Manages a Jira work type. Issue types are used to define the structure of different types of issues or work items in your Jira client.

## Example Usage

There are two types of Work types: Standard and Subtask.

### Standard Work Type

```terraform
resource "jira_work_type" "standard_example" {
  name = "Example Issue Type"
  # Optional
  description = "This is an example work type"
  # 0 by default for standard
  hierarchy_level = 0
}
```

### Subtask Work Type

```terraform
resource "jira_work_type" "subtask_example" {
  name = "Example Subtask Issue Type"
  # Optional
  description = "This is an example work type"
  # 0 by default for subtask
  hierarchy_level = -1
}
```

### Jira Premium

Jira Premium allows custom hierarchy levels for work types. [See the Jira Premium documentation for more information](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/configure-the-issue-type-hierarchy/).

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The display name of the work type. This appears in the issue creation dialog and issue views.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A detailed description of the work type. This helps users understand the purpose and usage of this work type.
- `hierarchy_level` (Number) The level of the work type in the hierarchy. There are a few rules:
* A value of -1 indicates the work type is a subtask.
* A value of 0 indicates the work type is a standard level work type.
* Epics have a hierarchy level of 1, and in Jira Premium, hierarchy can be expand beyond the epic level. In this case values above 0 and below -1 can be used.

### Read-Only

- `avatar_id` (Number) The ID of the avatar for the work type.
- `icon_url` (String) The URL of the work type's icon.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the work type. Automatically generated by Jira when the work type is created.
- `subtask` (Boolean) Indicates whether this work type is used for subtasks. When `true`, issues of this type can only be created as children of other issues.
